⎕FMT, ⎕TRAP, ⎕UCS: special control chars NEED to be uppercase (#965)
Dyalog/documentation: language-reference-guide/docs/system-functions/format-dyadic.md

The surrounding affixture delimiters may be replaced by the alternative pairs described for Text Insertion.

> !!! Warning "Warning"

Reviewer: This does not need to be an admonition, and especially not a warning (not using upper case just generates an error message) – convert into a sentence instead.

>     Note, the affixtures, qualifiers and control phrases must be specified in upper case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The affixtures, qualifiers, and control phrases are case-sensitive and must be specified in upper case.
```
